Update mtr-home-refresh.md (#10134)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/mtr-home-refresh.md

Before you enable the refreshed home screen design in Teams Rooms version 4.16, check the following:

- **Integrated Exchange calendar** - The refreshed home screen changes how the calendar on Teams Rooms devices communicates with Exchange. The new method aligns with Teams desktop, web, and mobile clients. Make sure meetings that appear in Outlook or Outlook on the web are correctly reflected in your Teams clients. For information about Exchange and Teams, see [How Exchange and Microsoft Teams interact](../Exchange-Teams-interact.md)
  > [!WARNING]

>   > If you're using Teams Rooms with an on-premises Exchange server, we recommend that you don't enable the refreshed home screen design on Teams Rooms version 4.16. The new calendar included with the refreshed home screen design isn't supported with on-premises Exchange servers in Teams Rooms version 4.16. On-premises Exchange servers with Hybrid Configuration and AutoDiscover v2 published externally is supported in Teams Rooms version 4.17 and later. For information on how on-premises mailboxes work with Teams, see [Microsoft Teams and on-premises mailboxes](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-teams-community-blog/microsoft-teams-and-on-premises-mailboxes-part-1-how-do-teams/ba-p/2229851)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > If you're using Teams Rooms with an on-premises Exchange server, we recommend that you don't enable the refreshed home screen design on Teams Rooms version 4.16. The new calendar included with the refreshed home screen design isn't supported with on-premises Exchange servers in Teams Rooms version 4.16. On-premises Exchange servers with Hybrid Configuration and AutoDiscover version 2 published externally are supported in Teams Rooms version 4.17 and later. For information on how on-premises mailboxes work with Teams, see [Microsoft Teams and on-premises mailboxes](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-teams-community-blog/microsoft-teams-and-on-premises-mailboxes-part-1-how-do-teams/ba-p/2229851).
```
